Elena meadow lives in the suburbs of Moscow
after all, it was in the evening that she went
walk the dogs
on the outskirts of the village
behind Elena appeared strange shimmering
shine
and the music sounded
does not have
at the same time in the interseason collection
but myself
it was rotating such a structure it
small channel carousel
wiring and she was very close
by
The reason such as you assess the quality
factory
in some way the sound of such a law is she
not physical either I
some form of connecting cylinders
on board shone colored lights
eliminator
from the beggars office delegation
white blue is better
and suddenly I felt a month like me
happy that I knew it that I put
on 0 12
I have a hand with my foot even started
years ago
cube disobedience
i'm blamed for the blog minister
but as they say like these like sticks
the system resisted
bitten 300 years but because closing
receiving subsidies
so it will be noted that this is me
when more and more big yalta
as not confirmed
with a message with a dog
sensing a bad Alexander
Vladimir around the residence
on animals they can really
because they don't have these ones
the component tanks so they are very
afraid of dogs attack was and my dog
will give at me
FC news but he himself also became
move away
get through mobile devices
in the night sky
I was able to observe the exit of the picture 1 1
really on the meadow
he went out into the yard saw right above
plot a huge ship
like this, I showed the place
what I believe in this for 20 years then a meter at 22 20
except that when such a tree was
about twenty meters there it is very
high
and yet to hang
does the author Shostakovich
electric
still in such a clock
rotating apparatus
diameter about was summer 30 40 meters
on the contrary released four of the best of them
It became on them as on tour
at 10 pm home to provide in
the project was what
per ton we just have to survive
to business
by the end of the week
but she right then this spike was an account
terrific matures known speech this is not
my imagination is not to hear that others
have seen
she was really down like that
radiates she hung for 20 seconds like this
this way for a long time this
mean with sparkling and grandchildren of color
rotation migrants
but the visit was short
no case soared into the sky
meadow-beginning concert with reasonable
creatures of the Saratov planet
astronomers include district dwarf
the planets of the solar system and
suggest
there can be life on it
in orbit crr lies between the orbits of mars
and Jupiter the circulation period around
suns four and a half years in
unlike most health
biosphere large enough association
intricate internal structure
the planets of the solar system
in the center is a stone core
which surrounds thick mantle
water ice
on reconciling a thin layer region
a mixture of denmark and dust
this mysterious planet 200 years ago
discovered the Italian astronomer Jones
foreseen
it was he who first noticed Nazaria
strange light flashes
they are observed today with the help
hubble space telescope
According to scientists, such signals can
apply with a powerful laser
in addition to the laser flares sphere
emits infrared
radiation
which is not on other minor planets
for health so those outbreaks of the nation
17 01 and signals
space beginners
after the appearance of such signals
claims
frequency increases dramatically
the emergence of a new
according to one of the hypotheses of the nation
may be transshipment base
alien civilizations
power plant reserve
food equipment for extraterrestrial
astronauts
and apparently this planet is chosen
cosmetology is not by chance
has significant
gravity
in theory
there may be large objects
such as
spaceports
space bases
lack of atmosphere on this planet
they facilitate
takeoff and landing
high-speed flying technology
and further
there is water on this planet
live
but if the life of the population of the earth is not
learn no earlier than 2015
when the surface is a small planet
touches the American apparatus
yes he started in 2010 for now
the inhabitants of the sphere themselves get in touch with
earthlings half when takes part of
which one side of john may be
what money guides mean
therefore, repairs as reported that
opening any and absolutely
they are exclusively and dollars
communication dictation
communication with aliens
dangerous after the first contact
family ametyh
a series of tragic events occurred
the first two or three years we died 18
man at latitude
for her, the United States around what cleaning
this soap is terrible
exciting year
Meadow husband and wife fell into
car crash
drove along the toll road to render
car horn relief
and they walked behind the FC sector growth 5 hours
for a start he
as far as the ball
car or religion medics
meeting
ambulance took away the old days
especially suffered and
in Ukraine baths arikat prince michael and nanette and
spinal fracture
really just
after such injuries
you can live but returned to normal
life hardly
Elena was conscious
the operation was postponed for the morning
she heard the answer strange strange
music
the fact that I'm somewhere there is a guy it was such
where I sing and how long hijacking to what extent
it was
and 3 such as the spirit
but not the little smith ring is not all but
a feeling that will go to the fact that I
there this year
besides that happened to me medical
map these years he is inexplicable the next morning
no breaks in his head mida
the sum
consensus
because I insisted useful for
for the sake of carrying out a series of lawsuits
promulgation our among them are years of them and
game